Fixes #5521 - Update Gloucester (EGBJ) SMR (#5522)
VATSIM-UK/UK-Sector-File: .github/CHANGELOG.md

# Changes from release 2024/12 to 2024/13

> 2. AIRAC (2413) Remove Taxiway R and grass runway from Gloucester (EGBJ) SMR  - thanks to @RadarController (Chris Globe)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. AIRAC (2413) - Removed Taxiway R and grass runway from Gloucester (EGBJ) SMR - thanks to @RadarController (Chris Globe)
```
